From discomfiting at pixys.de  Mon Aug 17 06:19:27 2009
From: discomfiting at pixys.de (Cartner)
Date: Mon, 17 Aug 2009 06:19:27 +0200
Subject: [InDE-devel] At the constable would pro
Message-ID: <20DA884A.3010401@itcr.com.br>

Me down again from Sydney with a boat's crew of six prisoners, a free
coxswain, and a portable house, in which he sate for the receipt of
Customs. For a time the commissioner resided at Tarraville, and then he
went to the lakes and surveyed a township at Flooding Creek, now called
Sale. His black troopers were in some cases useful, in others they were
troublesome; they indulged in irregularities; there was no doubt that
they drank rum procured in some inexplicable manner. They could not be
confined in barracks, or remain continually under the eye of their
chief, and it was not always possible to discover in what manner they
spent their leisure hours. But occasionally some evidence of their
exploits came to light, and Mr. Tyers became aware that his black police
considered themselves as living among hostile tribes, in respect of whom
they had a double duty to perform, viz., to track cattle spearers at the
order of their chief, and on their own account to shoot as many of their
enemies as they could conveniently approach. There were now ladies as
well as gentlemen in Gippsland, and one day the commissioner sailed away
in his boat with a select party. After enjoying the scenery and the sum
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: largess.jpg
Type: image/jpeg
Size: 14683 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/inde-devel/attachments/20090817/2cc7eab2/attachment.jpg>

From thresholding at pourshins.com  Thu Aug 20 20:38:55 2009
From: thresholding at pourshins.com (Redhouse Boscia)
Date: Thu, 20 Aug 2009 14:38:55 -0400
Subject: [InDE-devel] worse than I was. Let us be reasonable
Message-ID: <91938D4A.9080109@pourshins.com>

Ven her mother's ignorance and folly had given him? Then it meant that
he would come back again and again, and never stop coming. She made
believe that if she looked up, she should now see him actually coming
down the path toward her; she held her eyes fixed upon the ground at her
feet, and then it seemed to her every moment that he was just going to
take the seat next her. The seat was already taken; a heavy German woman
filled it so solidly that no phantasm could have squeezed in beside her.
But the presence of Dickerson became so veritable that Cornelia started
up breathless, and hurried home, sick with the fear that she should find
him waiting for her there. She was afraid to go out the next morning,
lest she should meet him on the street, though she knew that by this
time he was a thousand miles away. At the Synthesis she was ashamed to
let Charmian think that her absent and tremulous mood had something to
do with Ludlow; but she was so much more ashamed of the shabby truth
that she would have been willing to accept the romance herself. This was
very dishonest; it was very wicked and foolish; Cornelia saw herself
becoming a guilty accomplice in an innocent illusion. She found strength
to silence Charmian's surmise, if not to undeceive her; she did her
best; and as the days began to remove her farther and farther from the
moment of her actual encounter with Dickerson, her reason came more and
more into control of her conscience. She tried not to be 
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: quantitating.jpg
Type: image/jpeg
Size: 9101 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/inde-devel/attachments/20090820/fb3e77fa/attachment.jpg>

From crystalliser at bandannas.com  Fri Aug 21 22:29:13 2009
From: crystalliser at bandannas.com (Lydick)
Date: Fri, 21 Aug 2009 22:29:13 +0200
Subject: [InDE-devel] S from the little town of Plataea crossed the
	Cithaeron range
Message-ID: <3F028F4A.6050301@bandannas.com>

. CHAPTER XXXV "A MILESTONE PASSED, THE ROAD SEEMS CLEAR" As the
"season" heightened, the beautiful paneled walls of Mrs.
Marshall-Smith's salon were frequently the background for chance
gatherings of extremely appropriate callers. They seemed a visible
emanation of the room, so entirely did they represent 
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: dermis.jpg
Type: image/jpeg
Size: 9251 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/inde-devel/attachments/20090821/b5294cbb/attachment.jpg>

From metricate at ainos.co.jp  Tue Aug 25 02:28:38 2009
From: metricate at ainos.co.jp (Foder)
Date: Tue, 25 Aug 2009 02:28:38 +0200
Subject: [InDE-devel] community of
Message-ID: <4A932F58.6060108@buki-hilfe.de>

Ss, after some months, that the friends and kinsfolk of Gisippus
resorted to him and together with Titus exhorted him to take a wife, to
which he consenting, they found him a young Athenian lady of marvellous
beauty and very noble parentage, whose name was Sophronia and who was
maybe fifteen years old. The term of the future nuptials drawing nigh,
Gisippus one day besought Titus to go visit her with him, for that he
had not yet seen her. Accordingly, they being come into her house and
she seated between the twain, Titus proceeded to consider her with the
utmost attention, as if to judge of the beauty of his friend's bride,
and every part of her pleasing him beyond measure, what while he
inwardly commended her charms to the utmost, he fell, without showing
any sign thereof, as passionately enamoured of her as ever yet man of
woman. After they had been with her awhile, they took their leave and
returned home, where Titus, betaking himself alone into his chamber,
fell a-thinking of the charming damsel and grew the more enkindled the
more he enlarged upon her in thought; which, perceiving, he fell to
saying in himself, after many ardent sighs, 'Alack, the wretchedness of
thy life, Titus! Where and on what settest thou thy mind and thy love
and thy hope? Knowest thou not that it behoveth thee, as well for the
kindness received from Chremes and his family as for the entire
friendship that is between thee and Gisippus, whose bride she is, to
have yonder damsel in such respect as a sister? Whom, then, lovest thou?
Whither lettest thou thyself be carried away by delusive love, whither
by fallacious hope? Open the eyes of thine understanding and recollect
thyself, wretch that thou art; give place to reason, curb thy carnal
appetite, temper thine unhallowed desires and direct thy thoughts unto
otherwhat; gainstand thy lust in this its beginning and conquer thyself,
whilst it is yet time. This thou wouldst have is unseemly, nay, it is
dishonourable; this thou art minded to ensue it behoveth thee, even wert
thou a
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: pellucid.jpg
Type: image/jpeg
Size: 8716 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/inde-devel/attachments/20090825/c7f2527a/attachment.jpg>

From multimegaton at infowan.de  Sun Aug 30 07:46:30 2009
From: multimegaton at infowan.de (Dethlefs Marsell)
Date: Sun, 30 Aug 2009 07:46:30 +0200
Subject: [InDE-devel] out and tried
Message-ID: <4A9A120A.9090105@winstonpost.com>

 outbreak of hostilities which had proven that it could turn out a
successful aeroplane engine. "The English War Department had what they
called the Royal Aircraft Factory, where some experimental work was
done, but the day war was declared the British Army had less than one
hundred serviceable flying machines of all types. What proved to be the
most useful plane used by the British for the first year of the war was
only a blueprint when the fighting started. France was better off. She
had factories that could make aero engines. But as to actual planes,
three hundred would be an outside figure of the number with which France
went to war. "The use of the aeroplane in war was a subject which gave
much discussion, but few people, even in the army, thought that the
aeroplane would be of great service except for scouting. At the airdrome
where I learned to fly we used to practice dropping bombs---imaginary
ones, of course---but we were so inaccurate at it that none of us
imagined we would be of much use in that direction in actual warfare. I
have heard it said that the Germans directed their artillery by signals
dropped from aircraft at the very beginning. They did so before they had
fought many weeks, anyway. Boche fliers, English gunners have told me,
used to hover over battery positions and drop long colored streamers and
odd showers of colored lights. It was some time before the Allied airman
contributed much to the value of the Allied gunfire. When they got at
it, they beat the Huns at their own game, for the war had not been on
many months before Brit
-------------- next part --------------
A non-text attachment was scrubbed...
Name: scavenger.jpg
Type: image/jpeg
Size: 9578 bytes
Desc: not available
URL: <https://lists.berlios.de/pipermail/inde-devel/attachments/20090830/561f4bdc/attachment.jpg>

